# adaresume2
Rocio Lopez (360)540 1472, rociol836@gmail.com, 800 N. La Venture Rd, Mount Vernon, WA

Profile My love for computers started when my mother gave me my first computer which was an apple. I have received most of my education through online courses. I have never thought or considered computer program until my fried David Molina mentioned that I should apply to your academy. I am a curious person that loves to learn and would love to make this my career. When I find something I love I am dedicated to my work. I am focused and consumed by the what it is I'm working on. I have a desire to be influential and be a leader for other young girls.I may not have a lot of knowledge about computer programming but I will be dedicated and focused on my education. Experience Cashier/Stocker, Target — 2004-present When I was hired at Target, I was hired to be a cashier. I was to greet guests. I was to use a register. I was to help guests in any way I can.I was to use a register. A couple years later, I switched teams. I needed a change. As a stocker, am to pull pallets to there department. I am to bowl the product down the right aisle. I am to stock the shelves with the product that is brought to the floor. Cashier,Value Village-1999-2003 As a cashier, I was to make announcement about the daily/weekly specials.. I was to greet customers. I was to use a register. Sales Associate,Furniture City 2003-2004 I was to greet customers. I was to sell furniture. I worked on commission
Cashier,Pawn Exchange2004-2004 I was to greet customers. I was to use a register. I was to make loans. Education University of State, City, State — Degree, Year Skagit Valley College,Mount Vernon,Washington- A.A.U.C.T,2006 Brandman University ,Oak Harbor, Washington- Current Bachelors in Criminology,2016 Skills I have been working primarily in retail. I am educated,determined,focused and curious about computer programming.I work well with other people.
